README.md, before:

# Python-Challenge

## PyBank
PyBank is a Python script that will analyze the financial records provided in the 'budget_data.csv' dataset. The dataset has two columns: "Date" and "Profit/Losses".

The script calculates each of the following values:
- Total number of months included in the dataset
- Net total amount of "Profit/Losses" over the entire period
- Changes in "Profit/Losses" over the entire period, and then the average of those changes
- Greatest increase in profits (date and amount) over the entire period
- Greatest decrease in profits (date and amount) over the entire period

### Resources Used
- [Python Lists - GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-lists/?ref=shm)
- [Python File Write](https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_file_write.asp)
- [How To Upload Large Files to GitHub Repository](https://medium.com/linkit-intecs/how-to-upload-large-files-to-github-repository-2b1e03723d2)
- [Make a README](https://www.makeareadme.com/#license-1)
- [Markdown Cheat Sheet](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/)

Testing Gitpush

Commit message:

add PyBank file, add PyPoll file

README.md, after:

# Python-Challenge

## PyBank
PyBank is a Python script that will analyze the financial records provided in the 'budget_data.csv' dataset. The dataset has two columns: "Date" and "Profit/Losses".

The script calculates each of the following values:
- Total number of months included in the dataset
- Net total amount of "Profit/Losses" over the entire period
- Changes in "Profit/Losses" over the entire period, and then the average of those changes
- Greatest increase in profits (date and amount) over the entire period
- Greatest decrease in profits (date and amount) over the entire period

### Resources Used
- [Python Lists - GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-lists/?ref=shm)
- [Python File Write](https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_file_write.asp)
- [How To Upload Large Files to GitHub Repository](https://medium.com/linkit-intecs/how-to-upload-large-files-to-github-repository-2b1e03723d2)
- [Make a README](https://www.makeareadme.com/#license-1)
- [Markdown Cheat Sheet](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/)

## PyPoll
PyBank is a Python script that will analyze the poll data provided in the 'elections_data.csv' dataset. The dataset has three columns: "Ballot ID", "County", and "Candidate".

The script calculates each of the following values:
- Total number of votes cast
- Complete list of candidates who received votes
- Percentage of votes each candidate won
- Total number of votes each candidate won
- Winner of the election based on popular vote

### Resources Used
- [Python Lists - GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-lists/?ref=shm)
- [Python File Write](https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_file_write.asp)
- [How To Upload Large Files to GitHub Repository](https://medium.com/linkit-intecs/how-to-upload-large-files-to-github-repository-2b1e03723d2)
- [Make a README](https://www.makeareadme.com/#license-1)
- [Markdown Cheat Sheet](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/)
- Yuri - Helped set up SSH key.
